Closes #468 multiple units: extend required_unit argument in assert_unit() (#471)
pharmaverse/admiraldev: NEWS.md

## Updates of Existing Functions

- The `required_unit` argument of `assert_unit()` has been enhanced. It is now

> possible to specify more than one unit or not specifying it. In the latter case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible to specify more than one unit or not specify it at all. In the latter case
```

Author: Updated
